Humph
Even the seller is embarrassed to take out the counterfeit
Just cover your face and pretend here
Is this really an antique?
What should I do about Yang Shao?
So what if it's true?
I think this pen holder is at most a Song Dynasty
It's worth 70 to 80 million
One billion a day.
Nothing compared to my heart of the ocean
Then I don't worry.
Mr. Xu
What do you think?
I can't say for sure about the benefit equipment.
However, this stall owner
At first glance, he is a good person
He said it was a high imitation.
What mistakes did you make?
Even if you really don't understand
What Liu Fang said is fine
Where is this pen holder that you have more than 100 million?
Than your amateur pig
There are also whiskers and drawings, let alone
Find Liang Tao's Heart of the Ocean
Although Master Yang has a unique vision
But how valuable is this pen holder?
It is also impossible to compare with Yang Tao's Heart of the Ocean
This time it's really natural.
Sure enough, it is a modern royal family